
1.	What is the Primary account number for bank statement?
2.	What is the beginning monthly balance? 
3.	What is the date the Account Opened?
4.	What are the total deposits and additions? 
5.	What is the total deposits and additions for the Month? 
6.	What is the total deposits and additions for the Year? 
7.	What is the total deposits and additions for the Quarter?
8.	What is the total deposits and additions for the Day?
9.	What are the total deposits for the Month? 
10.	What are the total deposits for the Year?
11.	What are the total deposits for the Quarter?
12.	What are the total deposits for the Day? 
13.	What are the total inflows?
14.	What is the total number of outflows? (Defined as money going out, so leaving account) 
15.	What is the total number of outflows via cash withdrawal?
16.	What is the total number of outflows via check? 
a.	Make sure if a check is shown twice on statement the amount is not counted twice, so on some bank accounts a check for $500 could be on the statement twice, so verify the check number, of course if it is two different checks for $500 we have to count it twice, but we want to prevent an error if the same check number shows up twice... 
17.	What is the total number of outflows via credit card payments?
18.	What is the total number of outflows via Zelle, and what is the ID number?
19.	What is the total number of outflows via Wire?
20.	What is the total number of outflows via bank fees?
21.	What % of the withdrawals are ATM vs debit card?
a.	 Map locations, times and dates should be on GUI 
22.	How many electronic withdrawals occurred in total by day, month, year and quarter?
23.	How many electronic withdrawals occurred by Wire
24.	How many electronic withdrawals occurred by Zelle, 
25.	What is the ending balance of the statement by Date?
a.	Must be able to calculate by each day during the month the ending balance. 
26.	How many book transfer credits occurred? Between which entity? From which bank? On which date, for how much money? 
a.	Timeline of account transfers, amount.
27.	How many Zelle payments were made over the course of the month? Id Accounts sent and received?
28.	How many Fed Wire credits came in during the month? ID accounts sent and received.
29.	What is the payment ID on Zelle Transfers?
a.	These must connect to backend GUI
30.	List of all companies where monies were sent and received?
31.	List of all banks and amounts sent and received?
32.	Top ATM used, Top bank used, Top Loan accounts, Top Credit Card Accounts
a.	Top 1 – 10 individuals, entities by transfer types, number of transfers, dollar amount, locations where are they being sent from. 